Add lightning talk page (#106)
pythonindia/inpycon2024: src/lightning-talks.md

---
layout: content.liquid
title: Lightning Talks
---

## What's a Lightning Talk?

Lightning talks are short presentations, limited to 5 minutes, on any topic that might interest the Python community. It doesn't have to be something you've created, feel free to share something you've learned or a technique you think others will find useful.

- Is there something at work that everyone asks for your help with? Talk about that!
- Did you recently learn something that made a difference for you? Talk about that!
- Is there a topic you've always wanted to understand better? Talk about that!

Slides are optional but encouraged!

## Things people say when they think they can't do a lightning talk

- **"Everyone already knows THING_X"**
    - No, they don't.

>     - They think they do, but you have a better understanding than they do, and they will learn something.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - They believe they are knowledgeable, but you possess a deeper comprehension of the subject matter. They will gain valuable insights through this interaction..
```

>     - Even if they do, it's interesting to hear another person's explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Even if they do, it's interesting to hear someone else's take on it..
```

- **"I’m not an expert at anything"**
    - You know more than you think you do.
    - You don't have to be an expert, you just have to be interested enough to talk for 5 minutes.
    - You can do a 1-minute lightning talk if you want.
- **"It's scary talking in front of people"**
    - Yes, but you will feel really accomplished when you've done it.

>     - Folks at PyCon are super-friendly and is always welcoming of new speakers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Folks at PyCon are super-friendly and are always welcoming of new speakers.
```

>     - Everyone is nervous speaking in public, even people you think are not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - It is understandable that public speaking can induce nervousness in individuals, including those who may appear confident.
```

    - [You can give a lightning talk without talking!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aio0whC1iYg#t=25m58s)
- **"I have an idea but it's no good"**
    - It's a better idea than you think.
    - Are there really any bad ideas for lightning talks? :)

## Lightning Talks at PyCon India 2024

> Please refer to the schedule for Lightning Talk slots. Registration opens on the day of the conference, and due to the likely high number of registrations, a selection process will determine which talks are accepted. You will be notified if your talk is selected.

Reviewer 2: We should write more about the registration and selection process.

Author: Mentioned about the google form and it will be on a first-come, first-served basis. 
Is it fine? @palnabarun

This has been inspired by:

> - [PyCon US 2022 - Lightning Talks](https://us.pycon.org/2022/events/lightning-talks/)

Reviewer 2: don't we have a fresher link for this?

Author: Updated

---
layout: content.liquid
title: Lightning Talks
---

> ## What's a Lightning Talk?

Reviewer 3: This should be a heading level 1

Reviewer 3: Wrong about this. Ignore.

Lightning talks are short presentations, limited to 5 minutes, on any topic that might interest the Python community. It doesn't have to be something you've created, feel free to share something you've learned or a technique you think others will find useful.

- Is there something at work that everyone asks for your help with? Talk about that!
- Did you recently learn something that made a difference for you? Talk about that!
- Is there a topic you've always wanted to understand better? Talk about that!

Slides are optional but encouraged!

## Things people say when they think they can't do a lightning talk

- **"Everyone already knows THING_X"**
    - No, they don't.

>     - They believe they are knowledgeable, but you possess a deeper comprehension of the subject matter. They will gain valuable insights through this interaction..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - They believe they are knowledgeable, but you possess a deeper comprehension of the subject matter. They will gain valuable insights through this interaction.
```

>     - Even if they do, it's interesting to hear someone else's take on it..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Even if they do, it's interesting to hear someone else's take on it.
```
